feat(curriculum): add bill splitter workshop (#65517)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-math-operations/6976d8a7cd2a1a5ffcd7f9c4.md

---
id: 6976d8a7cd2a1a5ffcd7f9c4
title: Step 3
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-3
---

# --description--
Each person receives their own bill. Benji's bill is `$37.89`, Morty's bill is `$57.34`, Marcy's bill is `$39.39`, and your bill is `$64.21`.

Create four variables named `benjis_bill`, `mortys_bill`, `marcys_bill`, and `my_bill`. Then, assign them their respective values and update `running_total` by adding all four variables together. 

Finally, use `print()` to display the string `"Total bill so far:"` followed by the value of your `running_total` variable.

> # --hints--

Reviewer: there are missing hints for the values assigned to the variables

---
id: 6976d8a7cd2a1a5ffcd7f9c4
title: Step 3
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-3
---

# --description--

> Each person receives their own bill. You need to store these amounts in variables to use them later. Since these amounts include cents, you will use `floats` (decimal numbers). 

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
Each person receives their own bill. You need to store these amounts in variables to use them later. Since these amounts include cents, you will use the float type, which is used to represent decimal numbers. Here's an example of a variable with a float value:

```py
change = 2.35
```
````

---
id: 6976d8a7cd2a1a5ffcd7f9c4
title: Step 3
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-3
---

# --description--

> 

Reviewer 2: I would split this step in two:
- new step 3 to create the variables (be sure to clarify that the values should be floats).
- new step 4 to sum the values and print the total.
